Drop v12 support (#928)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/getting-started/usage-information.md

- How long does setting up a project take? If the global install time increases, does it mean that users are encountering issues or the process is simply too complicated?
- What type of errors our users are facing?
- What are the most used plugins?

> - Should we focus our efforts to being compatible with Node 18? Maybe our community uses version 18, in greater percentages than the global Node.js community?

Reviewer: We won't touch node 18 until it goes LTS

Author: Thank you Derrick. I didn't know how to update this sentence. I assumed it was written before 12 was on LTS. Should I change the text to "version 16"? It felt weird to me because we already support Node 16, right?

Reviewer: Yes exactly

> - Should we focus our efforts to being compatible with Node 18? Maybe our community uses version 18, in greater percentages than the global Node.js community?

Author: ```suggestion
- Should we focus our efforts on being compatible with Node 18? Maybe our community uses version 16 in greater percentages than the global Node.js community?
```
